0.  GIF supports 256 colours (although by tiling blocks within an image, true/32-bit colour can be achieved), BMP can store up to 4,294,967,296 colours at 32-bit depth, while PNG and GIF both can store up to 24-bit colour-information for 16,777,216 different colours.
1.  Ony GIF supports animation.
2.  Lossy compression means some pixel information is lost in favour of a higher compression (and smaller file size).
3.  JPEG and GIF are usually lossy though it is possible to write lossless files of these types.
4.  When a file is deleted on a fat system, the link from the FAT (file allocation table) is removed and a series of bytes is written to the beggining block of that file to indicate that it is safe to overwrite that block with new data.
5.  To ensure that deleted files cannot be recovered, it is necessary to overwrite the blocks that previously held the file with a series of null bytes or, as recommended by he DoD, by a series of random characters, further overwritten by the complement of the random characters. A program like Wipe (Linux) could be used to do this.
6.  stdint.h is a library defined in the C99 standard with integer types of exact width, so that the width of a given integer will be the same regardless of the platforms.
7.  The point of using uint8_t, uint_32_t, int32_t & unint16_t in a program is to be certain that the integer variables are of a fixed width, so operations can be carried out assuming data will be in specific memory addresses or alignments.
8.  A BYTE is 1 byte long(!), a DWORD and a LONG are both 4 bytes long, while a WORD is 2 bytes long.
9.  The first two bytes of a BMP file must be 0x42 0x4D (in hexidecimal), which correspond to the ASCII characters "BM".
10. bfSize is the size, in bytes of the enitre bitmap file, while biSize is the size of the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure.
11. If biHeight is negative, it indicates that the bitmap file is saved in a top-down format whereby the top line of pixels in the file refers to the top line of the image as it should be displayed. 
12. biBitCount specifies a BMP file's colour depth.
13. fopen() might return NULL when it was unable to open a file succesfully. This could be because of a lack of permissions or a device fault.
14. The third arguement passed to fread(), nmemb, specifies the number of elements to read in, given the width passed in argument 2 (size). As there is only one of each header, it is specified to read only one set of bytes of that width.
15. copy.c assigns the value of 3 to padding when bi.biWidth = 3 as (4 - (bi.biWidth * sizeof(RGBTRIPLE)) % 4) % 4 = (4 - (3 * 3) % 4) % 4 = (4 - 9 % 4) % 4 = (4 - 1) % 4 = 3 % 4 = 3.
16. fseek() changes the address pointed to by a file pointer.
17. SEEK_CUR is a defined value which tells fseek() to change the position of the pointer to a file, with reference to the position currently being pointed to.
18. Milo Banana dun it!
